pwd command display the current directory path.
ls command used to list file in current directory expect for hidden files.
ls -l command return a lists structred in current directory.
mkdir command create a folder of current directory.
cd command use to change directory.
touch command is use to create file in the directory.
mv command is use to move directory.
cat command is display what file exist.
wc command is display the character of files.
rm command is use to delete directory and files.

TO DELETE DIRECTORY USE:
	rm -r directory name
TO DELETE FILE USE :
	rm file name

HOW USE PIPES TO PASS DATA:
For Example:
	cat file1.txt | wc -w
How to write in files:
For Example:
	cat > input.txt
	this is my file.
	and press ctrl + d
TO OUTPUT COMMAND:
For Example:
	cat < input.txt
Grep command is used to search for lines matching a specified pattern and print the matching lines to standard output.

GIT is a version control system used for tracking changes in computer files.

GITHUB is a cloud based hosting service that lets you manage Git repositories from a user interface.

Readme.md md means markdown.

To restore a file in github use this command:
	git restore --stage filename.

Git add command is use to tell Git that the file is staged to be committed and that any further changes
to the file will be tracked going forward.

How to use git commit command:
	git commit -m "add what you commit".

To change branch name and also move that branch use this command:
	git checkout -B Enter Your Branch Name What You Suggest.

To add File use this Command:
	git add.

To check status use this Command:
	git status

To push Command:
	git push -u orign use the branch name

My Github token : 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

TO ADD NEW REPOSITRY IN GITHUB

git init
git status 
git add -A
git commit -m ""
git remote add origin "url"
git push -u origin branch name

TO PULL ONE BRANCH TO ANOTHER BRANCH:
	git pull URL
	git add -A
	git commit -m ""
	git pull origin BRANCH NAME --allow-unrelated-histories
	git push
	
	